"Timestamp","Bitcoin, cryptocurrency, digital assets, and blockchain technology usage is growing. Large organizations such as Microsoft, IBM and Citi are working with them. What type of future do you think these technologies have?","Some companies are building tools that integrate Bitcoin, cryptocurrency, digital assets, and blockchain technology into traditional finance and banking systems. In 1, 5 and 10 years from now, where do you think this market is heading?","Bitcoin, cryptocurrency, digital assets, and blockchain technology may enable international services that were not possible before. Do you think this is true? If yes, what types of services are they? Could they go mainstream, and, if so, what implications may this have in their respective market? (One example is OK) If no, why not?","The current market cap for cryptocurrencies is about $8 Billion and trading volume is around $90 Million per day. Where do you think the market cap and volume of cryptocurrency trading is heading?","Please tell me your experiences with cryptocurrency arbitrage. What were/are the past and present profits like with arbitrage trading? Were/are these significant profits and if so, do you think that there is still a significant market potential for arbitrage? Is this market already saturated?","There are many strategies for trying to profit with cryptocurrency trading bots. Can you name some? Can you tell me the experiences with some of these strategies? Some example strategies might be: 1) Preset static high and low orders and just wait for them to be executed. 2) Buy/Sell when price changes 1% in order to sell before a crash or buy before a spike. 3) Continuously place buy/sell orders around the spread which is sometimes as much as several percent for some cryptocurrencies 4) Place orders right in front of walls hoping that the wall will provide support. Please elaborate on these strategies or on other strategies.","What other types of tools do you think could be built with the exchange's API’s? Please elaborate.","Cryptocurrencies can be set-up on anybodies computer so the funds can easily be withdrawn from an exchange to the user’s computer and vice-versa. What types of tools could be built that utilize this ability? Can you give some examples?","How many cryptocurrency exchanges do typical bots interact with? Do developers typically have separate bots for each exchange? Do they use a platform when interacting with more than one exchange? Do you know of any platforms that interact with multiple exchanges?","How much market manipulation and other ploys such as “Pump and Dump” do you think exists in the cryptocurrency markets on the exchanges? Do you think they will increase or decrease over time?","Do you think bots are necessary to make profits on the cryptocurrency exchanges? In the short run? In the long run? Is it easier or harder? Is it more risky, from a profit perspective, to use bots or is it safer?","You can optionally leave your name and contact information for us if you would like for us to attribute your response. Let us know if you want us to contact you for any reason. You can leave any other feedback here. The results of this survey will be published. Leave your favorite cryptocurrency and deposit address for a potential reward for high quality submissions. Send private communication to Adam_Cox@student.uml.edu",""
"2016/03/21 2:28:50 PM AST","None when they think getting my information for free and just using people like me. It's a form of exploitation I don like.","See my previous answer.","No","No","No","No","No","No","No","No","No","","No"
"2016/03/21 11:41:16 PM AST","Revolutionizing how business is done in every industry that conducts transactions.","Decentralization of authority; users own their own keys and funds; freer flow of capital into users hands","Yes; remittance services the most obvious; exchange  services to newer markets; loan servicing and identity security","Much higher, particularly if global economic uncertainty causes capital to flee various fiat currency markets","I've avoided it because I assume I can't compete with professionals who have more capital or experience","I often employ preset static high and low buys with a third in one pair and two thirds in another, based on which direction I think the pair is headed. I also sometimes use number three (3) depending on volatility. I've been relatively successful in both. ","Analysis, real-time trend dashboard, trade pattern identification (""fingerprint"" of specific traders, ie same amount used repeatedly etc)","Hardware wallets; biometric two-factor authentication devices; tangible interactive I/O devices to help trading instead of a keyboard and mouse (VR headset with gloves to move various sized orders into bins, etc)","Most bots have API access to all major exchanges. Specifically bots on cryptotrader.org","I think a great number of these occur, however they decrease as the volume of a specific coin increases. I try to avoid coins with low volume for this reason.","I've had a great deal of success with a bot on HashNest, trading hashrate, but it was unreliable and I could no longer use it. I would love to have a bot that I could 'trust' to make smart moves and reliable profit.","Blake Miles; blakemiles84@gmail.com; 0xb513b08e36593ad120b1942b9ff6e9a21e9cb7a6 (ETH)",""
"2016/03/24 9:01:00 PM AST","replacement of traditional fiat, eroding what's left of liberty for all but technosavvy","1 nowhere, 5 somewhere, 10 everywhere","true, any banking services, will go mainstream in decades, all functions will be more efficient","moon then pluto","no experience","1) didn't use bot for that used web 2) didn't use bot with that feature 3) tried it but seemed fruitless against manual range trading 4) no interest in that","simple logic rules in simple language 'if list price moves X amount in Y seconds sell Z units at P price', and allow infinite nested rules, ala expert system, the bot becomes a pure extension of my own reasoning","no idea I don't understand the question","5, no, I don't know, I don't know","I have no idea, but expect whatever exists would increase proportionally with trading volume","not necessary except for high frequency trading, certainly makes things easier mechanically, but with more risk to due lubrication of errors, and malicious bot code","Profitarian@poloniex",""
"2016/03/24 9:36:06 PM AST","Ability to secure things of value.","Bitcoin will dominate","Yes","Up - $100B+","Not Sure","None","Not Sure","Not Sure","Not Sure","Not Sure","Not Sure","Not Sure",""
"2016/03/24 10:36:21 PM AST","The possibilities are endless. This will allow for growth in AI on a grand scale.","1 years - probably not much different from now. 2 years - they will begin to penetrate the masses at an exponential pace. 10 years - they will be part of everyday life for just about everyone.","This is true. The services will allow for a truly international financial system that is not owned by any nations.","The market cap is misleading. Nobody could buy all the cryptocurrencies for $8 Billion. If a group bought $1 Billion worth of cryptocurrencies, the demand might push a spike in the market cap to $20 Billion.

The trading volume is misleading since some exchanges allow trades for zero or near zero transaction fees.","I never tried it, but I read that it was highly profitable in the past. I think the market is already saturated but there is still some potential for profits. Arbitrage is probably less risky than standard trading.","There are countless sophisticated trading techniques. Haasbot is a popular platform that lists many techniques. Also, Cryptotrader has many bots.","They could allow for websites to accept payments in any cryptocurrency. They could allow AI to have access to a large financial network.","There are many security issues on the exchanges. This could allow for users to have the ability to withdraw more easily so they don't need to leave there coins on the exchanges.","A lot of bots either target one or a few of the top exchanges. 
Sometimes developers have a custom bot for a specific exchange but mostly they use a bot that targets the top few exchanges.
I think bot developers build there own internal platforms or each bot is essentially provides its' own platform.
I have not seen any platforms that interact with multiple exchanges.","It is the norm right now, but as a crypto market matures, its ""harder"" for a small group to orchestrate a large coordinated price movement. If they try to coordinate to bring the price low, other large buyers might use the opportunity to buy cheap. If they try to bring the price high, other large holders might sell first and take the profits. It's a battle of the bots. The free market will keep the price stable for any serious cryptocurrency.","I don't think it is necessary. Sometimes it is more profitable to just manually set low buy and high sell orders rather than have a bot trading.","J.",""